[wundergroundupdatereceiver] Bugfixes: Regenerate trigger channel with proper type and more metadata. Normalize channel names. It might be easiest to delete and allow recreation of channels. (#13327)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.wundergroundupdatereceiver/README.md

Each measurement type the wunderground.com update service accepts has a channel.
The channels must be named exactly as the request parameter they receive.
I.e. the wind speed channel must be named `windspeedmph` as that is the request parameter name defined by Wunderground in their API.
Illegal channel id characters are converted to -.

> Fx. AqPM2.5 has a channel named `AqPM2-5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, AqPM2.5 has a channel named `AqPM2-5`.
```

> For example AqPM2.5 has a channel named `AqPM2-5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, AqPM2.5 has a channel named `AqPM2-5`.
```
